Hymns
Form: Call to Praise Yahweh, then Praise of Nature/Rule of God (and rarely, supplication)
Themes:
Praise (of course)
Laments – Individual or Communal
Form: Invocation, Lamentation, Supplication, Motivation, Vow (to do if Prayer is answered)
Themes: Judgment, Calamity, Supplication, Penitence, Saving Mercy of God
Thanksgiving
In between Hymn and Lament
Themes: Similar to above, but focusing more on personal stories
May be integrated into a lament



## Initial analysis of topical extraction

Our 14 topics yields a topic coherence of 0.289. By the way, the word 'u' likely refers to 'us' - 'us' gets lemmatised into u.

With low topic coherence scores, it is hard to see immediately what the topics are about. I think that they are not distinct and have high overlap is part of the point and takeaway here. Will try anyway:

1. "Forever", "Loving", "Kindness", "Endures" - probably about attributes of God - the next weighted terms are about the resultant actions of these attributes
2. "let, "earth", "heart", "hand" - the resultant actions of these attributes - similar to the next most weighted terms in topic 1
3. "praise", "soul", "people", "us", "sing" - suggests the people's reactions to God. This is confounded by "let" and "word" which are God-based terms (word is mixed), but this makes sense - the impression is that the people can't do anything unless God lets them
4. "wicked", hand", "loving"... - Also actions of God, based on 'hand'. Wicked refers to the enemies, which are punished by God's hand, but the hand also is loving for the not wicked.
5. 'us', 'praise', 'name', 'people' - presumably, the people praising the name of God. The rest of the terms seem to line up with this - matter of who, when, and why they are praising.
6. Again more of God's actions in 'let', but most of the other relevant terms suggests human action - song, praise, give, Israel. Again suggests that human action is possible through God's 'letting' it happen
7. Human action, but now probably more Royal - 'David', 'house', 'Israel'
8. Again the actions of the people
9. All over the place, seems to have attributes of all the previous topics
10. Similar to topic 6, but with more of the attributes of God that the people are praising.
11. Seems to have more higher-ranked terms with the focus on restoration - "day", "come", "glory". Otherwise, still mostly people praise
12. ???
13. Seems similar to topic 5.
14. ???